support db adapter suffixes, such as '_makara' (#1180)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

  ## v8.8.0

  * **Support Makara database adapters with ActiveRecord**

>     Thanks to a community submission from @lucasklaassen with [PR #1177](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/1177), the Ruby agent will now correctly work well with the [Makara gem](https://github.com/instacart/makara). Functionality such as SQL obfuscation should now work when Makara database adapaters are used with ActiveRecord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Thanks to a community submission from @lucasklaassen with [PR #1177](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/1177), the Ruby agent will now correctly work well with the [Makara gem](https://github.com/instacart/makara). Functionality such as SQL obfuscation should now work when Makara database adapaters are used with Active Record.
```

(Rails's official style uses two words)
